Apply proper serializer when pushing feedback dataset in Argilla (#3192)
recognai/rubrix: CHANGELOG.md

- Resolve breaking issue with `ArgillaSpanMarkerTrainer` for Named Entity Recognition with `span_marker` v1.1.x onwards.
- Move `ArgillaDatasetCard` import under `@requires_version` decorator, so that the `ImportError` on `huggingface_hub` is handled properly ([#3174](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/3174))

> - Allow load feedback datasets from Argilla and push them back in Argilla with different name/workspace (Closes [#3189](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/3189))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow flow `FeedbackDataset.from_argilla` -> `FeedbackDataset.push_to_argilla` under different dataset names and/or workspaces ([#3192](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/issues/3192))
```
